>> Brian Holt: So yeah,
let's draw out piece of code by piece
of code exactly what's happening.
So I have an interface, right?
Right here in front of me.
And I type the letter,
I don't know, f, right?
That kicks off an event here on the input.
onChange, it calls this method,
handleSearchTermChange, okay?
handleSearchTermChange, we
take in that event,
we pass the event.target.value ot
setSearchTerm which is our actionCreator.
So go over to our actionCreator.
>> Brian Holt: setSearchTerm
takes in a searchTerm, and then,
it returns an object,
an action of type: SET_SEARCH_TERM,
which we defined in actions.js to
literally just be this string, right?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, actionCreators and
then searchTerm: searchTerm,
that's the actual value that
we're gonna be passing to Redux.
Okay, so that we dispatch that function.
So if we go back to landing,
which came from connect.
Which is just a little tiny helper
method that came from ReactRedux.
What this is going to do is
it's going to take this action.
And it's going to hand
it to your rootReducer.
So let's go to Reducers.
So, it ends up here,
when you call it dispatch.
Dispatch is going to do a little
bit of misdirection but
what actually ends up happening, is
it's going to call your rootReducer with
state and then the very same action
object that you passed to it, right?
When we called dispatch,
we gave it an action,
which came from our action creator, and
that's going to end up here as the action.
Does that make sense?
Okay, we're going to call a switch
based on the action type.
So if it hits the case set search term,
which is what came from actions,
this same one.
And remember in action creator we
dispatched of type setSearchTerm so for
the vector Reducers if it
matches setSearchTerm here
of action type then it's going to
call the setSearchTerm Reducer, okay.
So we come up here to
the setSearchTerm Reducer.
It gets passed in the old state.
The same action that we dispatched from
our action creator, it's going to create
a new state with that search term mixed in
and we're going to return the new state.
That gets passed back to the store and
this is now your new state.
The other one gets thrown away,
it's gone forever and our new state,
the store It's this new state that
we returned here from our Reducer.
So this returns, and
it goes back to our rootReducer,
which returns back to Redux, okay?
Now Redux has a new store.
Because we used that
provider to wrap Redux,
or, yeah, to incorporate Redux into React,
it has a subscription function
that reacts to subscribe to so
anytime Redux gets a new store that says,
hey react I need you to update,
by actually calling force update which
is the one that I showed you previously.
So then react kicks off a re-render, it
says okay here is the new state re-render,
your app re-renders and
you end up with a new user interface and
that's when you finally see the f
show up inside of your application.
>> Speaker 2: So the question is,
two questions, actually.
How would you write this thing
using the MapDispatch toProps?
>> Brian Holt: Let's see if I can
remember it off the top of my head.
No promises.
>> Brian Holt: So
you write a const mapDispatchToProps
dispatch and then return and
object which has methods in it.
So in this particular one,
we would have like a setSearchTerm,
method, which would be a function.
And then we call dispatch(setSearchTerm).
So maybe you call something else like
dispatchSetSearchTerm with
value search term,
here you would map it here which
would be mat state to props so
now both, I think this is close if this
is not exactly, if this isn't it.
Dispatch is the same function
that gets past this prop so
you can treat it the same way.
This now is this dispatchSetSearchTerm
is now injected as
a property to whatever components,
in this case, landing.
And then saying this.dispatch,
what we would say is
this.props.dispatchSetSearchTerm.
You would drop that part.
>> Brian Holt: Right, and then here
you would say, dispatchSetSearchTerm.
So let's see if I can code
off the top of my head.
[LAUGH] Refresh.
Yeah that's actually it.
It's ill-advised to code on the fly when
you're giving a workshop but nailed it.
So that's how it looks.
Why is this better?
This is better because now it handles,
this particular function right
here is a better interface.
So now landing can be used outside of
Redux, right, it's not necessarily itself
dependent on Redux, whereas before the
dispatch idea is a very Redux centric API.
So you have to ask yourself,
do I want to move away from Redux.
I would kind of argue that Landing is
already kind of tied to Redux despite
the fact it doesn't necessarily must
be tied to Redux, personal decision.
This is not typically the way I do it but
you can definitely do it this way.
And I would probably even argue this is
maybe more common so pick your poison.
>> Speaker 2: Lots more questions.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Okay first
one backing up quite away,
is there ever a situation where
you would need to keep, or
want to keep the old fate and
how would you do that?
>> Brian Holt: I guess you would just keep
it as a separate value in Redux, right?
So, maybe you have like new search and
old search term.
And every time that someone calls
a Reducer you would just move
new search to old search term, and
then you would keep new search term.
But I mean, it's just an object, right?
You can just put things on
the object as a property.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
Martin has a long question, I think.
Action creators, actions, and
Reducers are now in separate files.
Looking at code organization, how do you
think of ideas such as dux where actions,
action creators and
Reducers are organized together?
And gave a long URL for discussion.
>> Brian Holt: I don't
know if I have an opinion.
I certainly don't know anything about
ducks, I'm not present with that.
But I will say that there's
many ways to organize this.
This is just the most common way and
the personally successful
way I've done it, okay.
[COUGH] So it looks like he
has a question real quick.
And then we can come back.
>> Speaker 3: I was wondering if you
could just talk real quick again about
the mapStateToProps.
Like we're passing in state in there and
then that function gets passed to connect.
Is state the props that
are coming back from Redux?
>> Brian Holt: State is the entire
state of your Redux store.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: And then you're just
returning the subset that this
particular component is tagged to.
>> Speaker 3: Gotcha, thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, Christopher,
wants to know where exactly we
are invoking the rootReducer?
>> Brian Holt: Where?
>> Speaker 2: Where?
>> Brian Holt: We don't specifically
invoke the rootReducer ourselves.
We dispatch an action and then Redux
will invoke our root reducer for us.
>> Speaker 2: There's more, Bryan, can
you explain the whole loop again, please?
Sorry.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH]
I will give you the high level but
if you need it again, I would say just
go back and watch the live video again,
because it's a long explanation.
But in the UI, we dispatch
an action using an action creator,
which then lands in
the rootReducer via redux.
rootReducer in Redux dispatches
that to another reducer,
which modifies the state, returns the new
state, which gets stored back in Redux.
Then you have your new state in Redux.
Redux informs React that something has
changed, and React updates itself.